tonight we'll make a chicken parmigiana
I got already the breast of chicken I
put a slice on an if' I got a foot piece
a little salt mix it together we started
with the chicken flour
eggs
a breadcrumb
after that we got it up we got it up
pots over here I put oil already yeah I
put a piece of garlic after finish up
can take around it all it'll be nice hot
and you start one by one like this
this aqua color breast chicken
five-minute each side ten minutes to be
ready
this is the sauce I was making for the
chicken parmigiana first we use Leela
sauce and a bar over here
a mistake make sure we go all over the
place of the sauce like this let's see
the chicken look a nice color beautiful
right over here
[Music]
okay now pick of this and we put a sauce
put extra sauce the cigarette money over
15 minutes after we put the mozzarella
cheese on the top a pure extra sauce
can we get it with a pasta okay pour 400
degree put inside about 15 minutes okay
now the chicken was 15 minutes look good
and now we put mozzarella cheese on the
top okay now say maybe 5 minute it'd be
ready in got melted the mozzarella
now on the side we got it orecchiette
it's a very italiani nikola Rotella
irritate l adore sir has allowed the
Maricha Bova under abhava
salvatore Iqbal over a domain acabo monk
OH
with the support of all time ciao
Jamelia mofesto now the Raquette is
ready with the Zoe detail so prong is
ready to go hey I use the extra sauce
supper
I was made with poor Lilla unlike a
pecorino cheese this he came up in Italy
for sir it's really good pecorino cheese
the up or over here inside if we give a
little turn Dora captain you reach it a
look
now we take the chicken out chicken
parmigiana look a beautiful it look
recognize now we prepare or a character
like this we get the chicken parmigiana
hooray over the inside
we use little sauce
he got Lilla extra mozzarella it relaxed
pecorino cheese by this and now look at
this dish I can say what appetito final
plan so-called a senora vocalist in
Europe this is good